=== nega_hub_vignette ===


//These are brief moments of watching Mistresses do other things before they acknowledge your presence, similar to the lightning flashes the first time you meet the Goddess.
//They can include sexual interactions, conversations, Mistresses doing something solitary, or convey bits of unsatisfactory

//Ideas:

TODO: Easy - modify existing squat anim, medium dialogue
//Nega is squatting by the house, talking about watching people 

TODO: Easy - standing idle anim, medium dialogue (two voices)
//Nega is talking to a dark corner, suggesting there is another presence there that can't be seen. The other voice whispers (it is the House talking to her)

TODO: Easy / Medium  - modify existing animations, create mirror reflection (or have player see from side and don't show reflection), small dialogue
//Nega is checking herself out in front of a mirror, caressing her body and posing

TODO: Medium - two characters, medium dialogue
//Nega and Yuki are arguing?

TODO: Medium / Hard - This has already been done as a lewd (does it still exist), mild animation to create animations, medium dialogue (two voices)
//Nega has Yuki on the floor and she is rubbing her pussy with her foot (non-game lewd)

TODO: Hard - two characters, new interactive animations, small dialogue
//Nega is pegging another slave from behind and calling them a filthy bitch 

//Nega is squatting by the house, talking about watching people 
She’s looking through different parts of the house seeing different things
Nega squats by her doll house, peering inside. 
Nega: Goddess thinks she knows everything. Pff, she doesn’t know me. I’m just a shadow to her. One day I’ll be Goddess and she’ll eat my ass. 
She looks through a window and raises an eyebrow (?).
Nega: Oh Furia’s really giving it to that one!
Nega strokes her pussy. 
Nega: Oh that is NOT going to fit in his… (are there shutters on the house that can be closed or lights that can turn off?)
She looks surprised and her hand quickens. (this can be drawn out into a longer masturbation scene) 
Nega: Wow, okay, impressive.
She moves her attention to another window. She rolls her eyes. 
Nega: Ugh, Head Mistress, no one cares about your stupid rules!
She closes the shutters on that window (?) and looks through another window. 
Nega: Oh! Well this is more like it! Finally something interesting.
The camera zooms into the window (which is just a lit window pane I’m imagining) then loads a new scene which fades into the Goddess’ room with Nega laying on the Goddess’ grand bed. Nega is moving her arms and legs, feeling the softness of the bed.
Nega: Fuck! This bed is so soft! Oh, I could cum just rubbing on these sheets.
She rubs her body on the sheets, grinding and humping the bed. It’s as though the bed itself is possessed with eroticism and anywhere it touches Nega, she finds very pleasurable. 
Nega: I can’t believe she lives like this? (moans) My bed is burlap fucking sack compared to this, this (moans) oooh fuck…
She moans and comes. (It would be great if she could squirt all over the bed. I’d like to transition to Nega being in Goddess’ palm. Maybe the orgasm causes some visual that shakes the camera or zooms again and loads another clip)
Nega regains awareness of her surroundings. She’s sitting in a puddle (if we’re able to do the squirting). She’s recovering from her ecstasy as she notices the bed has changed. She gasps as she finds herself on the Goddess’ gigantic palm. Nega jumps to her feet (or bows or is on all 4s if you think that’s more appropriate). 
Nega: Goddess! Where, um, I didn’t hear you. I was just..
Goddess: Shush. Quiet, Nega.
Nega sheepishly looks downward.
Goddess: You’re a naughty girl, Nega. You must be invited to lay on the Sacred Foundation. 
Nega looks sharply up at Goddess.
Nega: It’s a bed! And it’s no fair that you get to sleep on a cloud of ecstasy every night while the rest of us toss and turn on nasty old mattresses with…
Nega screams and holds her hands up as a giant finger slowly lowers down to crush Nega. She’s smooshed and her screams are at times more like moans. 
This quickly zooms out and we load back into the original scene with Nega squatting in front of her doll house. She looks a little dazed or shocked. She slowly closes the shutters on that window (or similar feel) 

-> END
