=== nega_reward_hard_cunnilingus ===

Reward - Nega - Cunnilingus
Approach
Confirm here to play
Present wrist and bloodstone removed
Dice game result: reward

[Laughs] “Look at that, the little bitch got lucky.”
“You think this means I’m going to be nice?”
Yes - “You don’t know me at all do you?”
No - “Hmmm, good little slave, knowing your place.”
“Get on your knees.”
Player kneels. Nega puts a foot up on their shoulder giving the player a nice view.
“For your reward, I’m going to cum on that tongue of yours. That’s a reward a horny slut like you wants isn’t it, getting to make ME cum?”
No - [Sigh] “What a waste of a bloodstone. Not my problem, go earn another one, fuckboi.” Nega kicks the player away.
Yes - “Right answer!” Minigame instructions to be determined.
“On your back!” Nega visually pushes the player to the ground with her foot on their shoulder and stands over them.
“There’s nowhere else for me to sit down, so I’m just going to have to ride that face. Lucky you.”
Nega straddles the player looking down at him, now in position for cunnilingus.
“Can’t reach your needy cock with my kneeling on your arms? Tough luck.”
Nega puts a hand just above her pussy, pointing at it, tapping her finger.
“This is your reward. No one said anything about your pleasure.”
Nega slides slightly forward and rides the player’s face while giving instructions relevant to the mini game, instructing the player how to please her.
Nega slides back a little to look at the player.
“Look at you, glistening with my juices.”
“Enough foreplay, I’m going to really take you for a ride.”
“And for a rough ride, I’ll need a well lubed toy.”
Nega spits on the player’s face.
[Laughs] “You like that? Want another?”
No - “Ungrateful cunt.” Nega spreads it around with her hand.
Yes - Nega spits on the player again, laughs, and does it a third time.
“There. A nice slippery slut face to grind on.”
Nega changes her position to ride the player looking down their body, ass-view.
“Awww, your poor ignored cock, drippy and alone.”
“If you make me cum, maybe I’ll give it some attention.”
“Let’s see if you can hold your breath long enough to get me there.”
“Shake your head ‘no’ if you need air.”
Nega backs up and smothers the player, grinding on their face, with a visual countdown while she moans.
After ten seconds she lifts up.
“Take a deep breath, cushion, you’ll have to do better than that.”
Nega sits down again, grinding on the player with a visual countdown.
Nega cries out with increasing pleasure as she gets closer. If the player makes it to whatever number of seconds you decide, Nega cums. If the player needs to breathe she lifts up and gives another chance. There’s a limited number of chances, how many is up to you.
If player fails - “Pathetic. I’ll just have to get there another way.”
If player succeeds - Nega cums. “Mmmmm, good boy. I think that cock has earned some attention. While you make me cum again.”
Nega is holding a riding crop.
“I’m going to smack your cock and balls until you scream. You’ll be a great little vibrator.”
Nega rides the player’s face one more time, smacking sounds are heard, and with the presumption they’re making the player scream, she moans in response to it vibrating in addition to the licking.
When Nega is about to cum she lifts slightly off the player, rubbing herself with her fingers to finish off and squirting directly into the player’s view, on their face.
Nega stands above the player.
[Laugh] “What a mess. Go clean yourself up, slut.”

->->