=== prgama_hub_vignette ===

//These are brief moments of watching Mistresses do other things before they acknowledge your presence, similar to the lightning flashes the first time you meet the Goddess.
//They can include sexual interactions, conversations, Mistresses doing something solitary, or convey bits of unsatisfactory

TODO: Medium - two characters, idle anim, medium dialogue
//Pragma reporting to Goddess (Goddess' room) or Ereshkigal (inside Pragma's room) on how things are going 

Pragma reporting to the goddess about her experiments’ progress
Pragma stands before Goddess (in the Goddess’ primary room). Next to her is a robot that looks just like Pragma. Goddess walks around the robot, looking it up and down. 

G: Hmmm.

P: Is the prototype not to your liking, Goddess?

G: It’s good, but needs refining. 

P: This model has undergone 357 levels of refinement. The form has been modulated down to the micrometer. All specifications have been analyzed by the algorithm that I personally created. Further refinement is self indulgent. 

Goddess pauses, staring at Pragma, then looking at the robot. 

G: “Self indulgent” is correct, Pragma. I ordered you to make the perfect erotic specimen and what you’ve delivered is a clone of yourself. 

Pragma blinks, twitches robotically as she glitches over this critique. 

P: Goddess, all of my calculations have determined THIS is the “perfect specimen”. 

G: Well run your numbers again because THIS is not perfect. The hips are meager (Goddess proceeds to describe the differences between her own body and the robot).

Goddess walks up to Pragma. Her breasts are at Pragma’s face height. 

P: (slightly muffled by breasts) Numbers do not lie, Goddess.

G: Numbers don’t get me wet, Pragma. They might charge you up but they don’t excite me. So, get back in your little laboratory and make something that will please your Goddess…

Goddess walks over to the robot.

G: And not this narcissistic indulgence.

Goddess tips the robot over with one finger. It stiffly hits the ground. Pragma glitch twitches.

P: Of course, Goddess. I will not fail you. 

-> END
